
self introduction

26-03-25

helllo goor morning sir/medam.
first for all thank you sir .
im prakash katariya
i m belong in surat in wech amroli villeage .
i hav done greduation bba in vansgu univewrsity since your 2015.
my short turm goal is get job in highly reputed company.\
my long turm goal is develop my skill and get highr posiation and get team leader rool in your company.
curently i persuing in web designing in creative  designing.

27-03-25

me i coming sir /medam.
thank you sir.
i can seet hear sir.
thank you sir.
good morning sir /medam.
my name is prakash katariya i belong in surat city .
i have done greduation bba in vnsgu university and then after complet my corse in wenb designing in crerative media institute since 2025 courently.
my short turm goal is get job in higly reputed company and long turm goal get highre postion in your companey an tearm leader rool.
thank you sir.


31-03-25

hello good morning sir/meadm.
my name is prakash katariya.
i m belong in surat in wech amroli city.
i have done greduation bba in rv patell college in amroli in vnsgu university.since year 2015.
i work on banking sector as sequre loan as salce.5 yaer i work on bank and i corently persuing in designing couse in creative media institue.
i select our company beause it our cortently your company will growup and i think is grow up company is best sutable in my job so i selected .
my short turm goal is get high reputed growup company get job and long term goal is get higher position in my job postion get promotion and get team leader rool .
so thak you .

01-04-25

hello good morning sir /meadm.
first of all thank you give me oppertunity to introduce my slef .
my name is prakash katyariya i m belong in surat city .
i have done greduation bba in vnsgu since 2015,after completed in greduation so let work on banking  as salce of secure loan and then after presuing in web desing in creative media intitute complet course.
my short term goal is get job in highly reputed company.
and my long turm goal is i sutable in your company and base on my capabilty can gain higer position and get team leader .

02-04-25

hello good morning.
my name is prakash katariya .
i have done greduation bba in vnsgu university since 2015.
i belong in surat city .
As a fresher web designer I have also worked on Responsive Design I have used frameworks like Bootstrap and Tailwind CSS, and I have learned design processes using Figma.
"I have experience deploying projects both offline and using GitHub.I understand how to push code to repositories,I am comfortable with version control and hosting static websites on GitHub Pages. 

03-04-25

hello good morning sir /medam.
my name is prakash katariya .
i belong  surat city.
i have done gredsuation bba in vnsgu university since 2015.
as frsher web designer i have also work on rsponsive designe ,i have use framework like bootsrap ,tailwind css,i have learn designing procees by using figma.
i have experince deploying project by bothe offline by using github,i have experience in poot on code by respositery.
my short term goal is get job in highly reputed company .
and long term goal is improving my skill develop my skill and get higher position achive in your companey and get team leader roll.so thank you...


04-04-25
I have a strong understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, which helps me create responsive and user-friendly designs."
"Sometimes, I take more time to complete tasks because I focus on delivering high-quality work. However, I am working on improving this by managing my time better and balancing quality with efficiency." 😊

04-04-25

hello good morning sir/medam..
my name is prakash katariya .
i belong in surat city.
i have done greduation bba in vnsgu university since 2015.
as frsher web desiner i have also work on responsive design i hav use framwork like bootsrap,taiolwind css .i have learn designing process by using figma .
i have understand html ,css javascript help of creat userer frendly responsive design. 
i have experance deplyoing project both off line by using github i have understand familerar with verson controler by git.
i understand how to push on code on repositery.
my short term goal is get job in high reputed companey and long term goal is get higher position get promotion play team leader postion.
my strageth is i m quick learner and slef displin peraon and self motivating.
my weekness is sometime i feel nervus in oral comunication but i improving them daily i practicing in front off mirror.
my weekness is i nbekive in qulity work is improturnt and base i taken more time to complate work.

improvemnt

Good morning Sir/Madam,

My name is Prakash Katariya, and I am from Surat.

I have completed my BBA graduation from VNSGU University in 2015.

I am a fresher web designer. I have worked on responsive websites using frameworks like Bootstrap and Tailwind CSS.
I also use Figma to design website layouts.

I know HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, and I use them to create user-friendly and mobile-friendly websites.
I have experience in making projects live offline and on GitHub.
I also understand how to use Git and push code to GitHub repositories.

My short-term goal is to get a job in a good and reputed company.
My long-term goal is to grow in my career and become a team leader in the future.

My strengths are:
– I am a quick learner
– I am self-disciplined
– I am self-motivated

My weakness is that sometimes I feel nervous while speaking, but I am improving it by practicing in front of a mirror.